In addition to saddle and handlebars form shoes
and pedals the main contact point
by human and bicycle the hospital system
contributes a lot to the safety while cycling
Experts are talking about the advantages
a click system on the one hand
we have an automatically correct one
Positioning the foot on the pedal
we have a minimized risk of
slipping off the pedal respectively
an eliminated danger
and we can definitely go after that
the top of the rear pull on the pedal so the
round also occurs what is one of the whole
significant advantages
tours and recreational riders and above all
Everyday cyclists abstain from two
often based on these benefits
they are not afraid in time
to be able to click and they shy away from that
lack of comfort from cycling with
shimano clicker we have the solution for
both problems found
shimano clicker is a shoe pedal
system such as spd or spd
sl consists of ours
on the other hand, the second part
this system are the ctc deep
country tours the shimano click pedals
have a significantly reduced again
tension
they are 60 percent lighter than
conventional spd pedals
In addition, their trigger angle is essential
Less at 85 degrees, they give the
Shoe free simultaneous click out
so no problem is the
Matching cd shoes also offer
special features shimano has become
especially the theme of comfort
dedicated and a special soles
construction developed
the sole consists basically of one
ladder-shaped plate that's us
have exactly where the stiffness
a city ​​hall must be given
a very strong over the pedal
stiffened plate in the back area
a narrow ladder shaped plate the
the flexibility of the lateral ones is exactly what we are looking for
flexibility and also the ride comfort
a running shoe with stiffness
The pedal plate of a radio connects
the shimano clicker shoe pedal system
solves the two known problems
especially everyday and recreational riders
often have on the one hand
difficulty clicking in mouse
danger situations to another
often lack of comfort
designated radszuhn